Scarlett: Excuse me sir, are you the king?
King Ambrose: Ah yes, I am King Ambrose, and you must be the mercenaries Leif told me about.
Scarlett: We are adventurers, sir, but yes, we were told to speak to you about a problem you have been having.
King Ambrose: My apologies!
King Ambrose: Please, call me Ambrose.
King Ambrose: Yes we have been looking for capable fighters such as yourselves to help us.
King Ambrose: You see, we have been having a sort of monster problem.
King Ambrose: It has become incredibly dangerous to wander too far beyond our town as we are very likely to be attacked.
King Ambrose: We need help in eradicating these monsters so we may once again live peacefully.
Merlyn: It seems you may have a bandit problem as well.
Merlyn: We encountered a group of them in an abandoned town not far from here.
King Ambrose: Ah yes, them. From the way you speak it sounds as if you have dealt with them already.
Mori: We have.
King Ambrose: Very good!
King Ambrose: I will make sure you are compensated for that as well.
King Ambrose: Did they, by chance, have any sort of letter or missive on them? If so, may I see it?
Scarlett: They did.
Scarlett hands the mysterious letter to the king.
King Ambrose: Thank you! Have you looked at it?
Mori: We have not had the chance yet.
King Ambrose: Oh, no matter, it is not important.
King Ambrose: Thank you for bringing this to me.
King Ambrose: Now, the first group of monsters is located in the forest directly outside of the town.
King Ambrose: Just head to the town center, we have teleporters set up for easy transportation.
King Ambrose: They are enchanted so the monsters can not use them.
Scarlett: Very well, thank you Ambrose. Do not worry, we will be back soon with news of their demise.
King Ambrose: Ah you bring an old king much joy with your words!
King Ambrose: Oh, my apologies, I was so concentrated on serious matters that I have not even gotten your names!
Scarlett: My name is Scarlett, the brainless brute is Alexander, the magic nerd is Merlyn, and the guy who always looks like he wants to die is Mori.
King Ambrose: Well!
King Ambrose: It has been a pleasure to make your acquaintance but I must be taking my leave.
King Ambrose: Feel free to rest and stock up in the town before you leave. Talk to Leif before you leave.
King Ambrose: He is the man you spoke with when you arrived, I believe he should have some stuff for you all before you depart.